Oh no! Did you hear that?
It's the warning bell!
Not yet!
[Bell gongs]
The bell?
[Panicked screams]
Mama!
Lilith! I love you.
But mama!
Mama!
Lilith, take this.
But... but Papa!
My dear daughter...
You must be brave.
Listen carefully.
Lilith, I promise to protect you from danger.
Papa, don't go! Please don't leave me, Papa!
I'm sorry, Lilith.
You must be strong!
Hey! They're over here!
Lilith, go!
Get up, Lilith! Run!
Only one remains to dispose of.
Show no mercy!
What?
Over here, Papa!
Come on! You can make it!
Lilith! Just get away from here!
No! No, Papa!
You must, Lilith! Now listen to me and go!
Live on!
You must live, Lilith. For your mother and I!
Papa!
[Sobbing]
Lilith... you will live a life different from your mother's...
..as the last of the Strigoi.
S-Strigoi?
Lilith, down a forgotten path protected by thorns and beyond the flowers...
...lies a stone monument engraved with a legend of your heritage.
You must find it.
Then, you must decide whether to accept your fate or not.
Thou, Holy Knight, shall conceive an heir to the Romuald bloodline.
With this child and father, thou will...
...bring forth the return of the Strigoi.
[Magical whoosh]
Yeah. This is Cliff.
I have infiltrated the school. All is going as planned.
Ritsumekyo School.
I knew it was here.
Huh?
Please respond immediately! I repeat, PRI!
Aaaah! [Alarm clock rings]
Oh, not again!
I can't believe my alarm didn't go off again!
Jeez, Shin. You're late again!
Sorry, sorry. Let's hurry, Chizuru.
Hey Cammot! You're in charge of the house, okay?
Meow!
I'll be working here from now on, if that's okay with you handsome doctors.
I'm Camilla, of the urology department.
Nice to meet you.
My lord, it is time to attend the Crimean meeting.
My lord?
Hmm...
Wait! Wait for me, Shin!
Nice to get some morning exercise!
Kishimoto. Lilith Kishimoto.
Lilith. Lilith?
Oh... sorry about that. I'm Shinta Mizumara.
Do you... uh... do you go to this school?
I-I haven't seen you around, so I...
I came here to meet you.
Huh? You-you...what?
You and I...our fates are intertwined.
Her hands... so cold!
So innocent and delicious.
Hey Shinta! Why are you just standing around?
Ugh! Come on, what are you staring at?
Now to pick up where we left off last lesson.
What was all that this morning?
He keeps checking out that new student!
You should really be paying better attention to the lesson, Shin.
If you keep ignoring me... I mean, your studies...
then one day I'll become a famous novelist and forget all about you, Shin!
So there!
Where did Shin run off to? We were supposed to have lunch together.
Oof!
Huh?
AYA? I mean, are you alright?
Oh! Sorry to run into you, Mister Cliff!
I'm just glad you weren't hurt.
Your boyfriend would probably beat me up if you were.
What? I don't...
You are one of my best students in the Ancient Folklore class, Chizuru.
Falling in love is nice, but don't neglect your homework.
[Laughter]
Mister Cliff!
He's only been here for two weeks, but he has so many admirers.
And he makes Ancient Folklore fun.
I don't get why he uses acronyms for everything, but... it's kinda cool.
He's also kinda good-looking... for an older guy.
Oh! I almost forgot that I was looking for Shin!
Hey, so... What was it you wanted to talk about?
I'm just a freshman here, so...
I'm really not sure how I'd be able to help you...
But, um... what was it you were saying to me earlier this morning?
You and I... our bodies are about to become one.
What!?
I'm going to conceive your child.
Wh-what are you talking about, Miss Kishimoto?
It's so cold!
I don't know what it's like wherever it is you come from, but...
...over here it's understood that you have to have strong feelings first,
before you...
Strong feelings?
Yes! A child is born from the union of two people who are deeply in love...
A-at least my grandpa said that. So, uh...
Love? How trivial.
Blood of Romuald...
Now be quiet and let us consummate our union!
Huh!?
Wait a sec, Miss Kishimoto!
I've never done anything like this before!
No, I mean... that is...
Please! Let's just slow down!
I don't even know you! We just met!
Wait, Miss Kishimoto! I can't just do this randomly with you!
I mean, there is...
I'm sorry!
Ch-Chizuru!
Oh, Shin! This is where you were hiding!
Oh? Ahh!
O-oh. I-I wasn't really hiding. I was just... uh...
That is... uh... Huh?
Useless.
Huh?
Miss Kishimoto!
Just what did you do with her, Shin!?
Nothing really happened. It was... so fast, I mean.
Hmph!
Huh?
[Barking]
A child is the result of a union born of love.
Why do I have to do it with him!?
You can drop the act.
I might be a wolf but I do one great impression of a dog, huh?
Why would a wolf brag about being a dog?
Hey, don't take your anger out on me!
Let's take it easy, Lilith.
Why did he refuse to become one with me?
Hmm. Maybe you scared him off by coming onto him so strong.
He's probably a virgin.
What should I do?
Hmm. You have to be more gentle. Slower with this one.
How 'bout a smile?
Smile? And be gentle?
I don't get it.
I must hurry to complete the order.
[Frustrated sigh]
Slow and gentle...
Ah, I see that you're still in a hurry.
Oh, remember that the sun here in Japan is very strong.
Make sure you don't stay out in the sunlight too long.
Romuald's bloodline. The heir of Romuald.
That's all I need.
Alright you lovely ladies! It's time to work out that very important chest area!
Here we go! One, two! One, two!
One two, one two!
Stupid Shin!
I didn't know he had those thoughts!
But I've never seen him look at someone that way before!
Shin, you love me!
Yes, I was surprised too.
Yes, it was very sudden. Very unfortunate.
We must ensure the safety of the last survivor.
Yes, I understand. That's exactly why we're here.
WPD. We'll protect the descendant. I promise.
Shin, you overslept again!
Sorry about that.
Hey Cammot! Take care of the house, okay? I'm counting on you!
Let's get going, Chizuru.
Shinta.
You will be coming with me.
Miss Kishimoto? Why are you here?
You and I are bound by fate for all eternity.
[Embarassed gasps]
Meow!
Good boy, Shinta.
You see? I can be gentle, right?
Ah!
Let's go.
Step aside.
Chizuru!
Shinta!
Hey! Kishimoto, wait a second!
I can't wait. I'm in a hurry.
Be a good boy and just do as I say.
B-but... what!?
Miss Kishimoto?
Hey! Miss Kishimoto?
Kishimoto! What's wrong!? Are you okay!?
Uh...
What should I do now?
Miss Kishimoto!
Papa...
Her hand is always so cold...
No... together...
We can escape.
Please, come...
Pa-Papa...
Miss Kishimoto, hang in there.
What's wrong, Lilith? Are you hungry?
I'm in trouble! Your mother's not home yet.
Okay, okay. Your Papa will try to make something. Such a good kid.
Papa...
[Startled gasp]
Sorry, you look like you were having a bad dream.
So I wanted to make you feel better...
I see...
You passed out when we were walking, so I brought you here.
Maybe you... that is... would you like something to eat?
Except I don't really have anything here, and I can't really cook.
I uh, only have instant noodles.
Should I, uh, go out and get you something else?
That will do.
Uh, really? Are you sure? I mean, I guess, if you want...
But uh... you sure you want this?
I mean, it's not that great.
Am I... am I seeing things?
I think that should just about do it.
Lilith, just a bit longer.
Papa's cooking a very yummy stew for you right now.
N-no... i-it can't be!
Not...
I'm sorry, this is all I have.
Terrible.
Huh!? You don't like it?
Really, I don't think it's... it's not that bad.
[Choking gasps]
Awful.
Aw, come on! This one is my absolute favorite. Is it really that bad?
Alright, suit yourself! But this is really good!
Huh?
One two, one two! Row! Push! Work that chest, baby!
Row yourself over to your lover!
But imagine all the things your hands can do!
One two, one two!
Who. Does. She. Think. She is!?
Where did she come from!?
Ooo, I will never lose to some evil seductress!
I will never give up on Shin! Never!
[Giggle]
Yeah! Something godly has descended!
Beautiful! Oh, godly! High liver!
Is taking pictures really so fun?
Yeah!
How about this?
Or this?
Now can you do it like this?
Sure thing!
Oooh right! I need to update my diary on Shinta!
Let's see. Today Shinta was hopeless, and not good at anything at all.
Oh, cute! Ooo, cute!
Shinta is just... well, he's just... really a mess.
So! I decided that...
...I'll protect Shinta!
It's okay!
Hey. Hey, Lilith.
Don't you think the girl with the big booty is
hanging around the Romuald boy is really annoying?
Hey, Lilith. Hey, Lith! Hey, hey, hey! Hey, Lilith!
Hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! Lilith, hey!
Shut up!
Just cut that out right now!
What is this strange feeling?
His hands... they were warm.
No. He's nothing like him!
I have a sacred duty to perform, no matter what.
I must conceive a child from the heir of the Romuald bloodline.
Shinta Mizumara.
I will kill him along with the child, and bathe in their blood.
That is... that is my destiny!
The number you dialed is not available at this time.
Please try your call again later.
Oh, Shin.
The number you dialed...
What are you doing?
Miss Sakamoto. How long have you been standing there?
I don't stand out too much.
Oh no. It's not like that.
I was just lost in my thoughts, is all.
Thinking about Shinta?
But... why?
Yeah...
- You will lose him like this. - Huh?
Are you okay with that?
No way!
There's no way I'll let that happen!
Where are you going?
I'm going to go find Shin!
Ugh. Have you decided to cut school today, Lilith?
Hmm. Maybe it's about time for me to step in and help her out.
Huh?
Who was that!?
Whoa, hey! Check out the boobs and butt on her!
I don't think Lilith can beat those melons!
Well, I will do my duty... and attack them for Lilith!
Shin. I refuse to share you with anybody else!
You jiggle quite nicely, baby.
Huh?
What was that voice?
Oh... those boobs really are double the size of Lilith's.
What are you talking about?
Ouch!
Mm! What is this?
The scent of a virgin. I can smell your purity.
But...but...
Who... who are you!?
Hey. Why don't you forget about that loser?
You can be my friend instead, hmm?
Wh-what?
[Startled whimper]
What... what is he doing to me!?
No!
Don't be so uptight, Miss Big Boobs.
Thank you for your virgin lips.
Your first was all mine, wasn't it?
Isn't that right?
No!
[Laughter]
Mission accomplished.
I've driven the enemy away from the target.
You better thank me for this, Lilith.
Why... why did that happen?
My first kiss... stolen by a guy I've never met?
Wh-why is there blood?
I'm scared.
Help me, Shin!
Thank you for coming.
So tell me... is this report correct regarding that girl?
That's right. The Moroi, at Salashno.
Yes. She was the sole survivor that day.
Then she's in the girls' dormitory right now?
Yes. A holy shrine forbidden to men.
Is the descendant of Romuald here?
We must immediately DVT.
DVT?
Destroy the vampire threat.
Uh oh! That means big, big trouble's here!
So cute! So fabulous! I shed tears for you! Oh, so wonderful!
Oh, so they're here at last.
Be a good boy while I'm out.
Huh? Doctor, wait a minute!
Doctor!
I think we can take care of one little girl on our own. Right?
I feel ridiculous talking to myself.
Cammot, what's going on? What's wrong with me?
Lately I just don't feel like doing anything at all anymore.
[Door knocks]
Uh? Who is it?
I heard you the first time.
Miss... Miss Kishimoto.